affiliations: list of author affiliations to match on
analysis_date: Date the routing analysis took place
author_ids.id: author identifier (e.g. their email) to match on
author_ids.type: author identifier type (e.g. "email")
content_types: list of content types of interest - stored, but not used in this version of the system
content.packaging_format: Package format identifier for the associated binary content
created_date: Date this record was created
domains: Domains operated by the institution
emails: email addresses which appear in the match data
embargo.duration: Duration (in months) of the embargo
embargo.end: End date for the embargo.  If this field is populated, this is the definitive information on the end-date of the embargo, and embargo.duration and embargo.start can be ignored.
embargo.start: Start date for the embargo
event: Keyword for this kind of notification - no restrictions on use in this version of the system
grants: grant ids that the institution may be interested in
id: opaque, persistent system identifier for this record
keywords: freetext keywors to match on - stored, but not used in this version of the system
last_updated: Date this record was last modified
links.access: Type of access control on this link.  "router" means only to authenticated router accounts, "public" means anyone with the link
links.format: mimetype of the resource available at the URL (e.g. text/html)
links.packaging: Package format identifier for the resource available at the URL
links.proxy: The ID of the proxy link this link stands for
links.type: keyword for type of resource (e.g. splash, fulltext) - no restrictions on use in this version of the system
links.url: URL to the associated resource.  All URLs provided by publishers should be publicly accessible for a minimum of 3 months from notification; URLs provided by the Router will be accessible to authenticated users for the same period.
metadata.author.affiliation: Author organisational affiliation
metadata.author.identifier.id: Author identifier (e.g. an ORCID)
metadata.author.identifier.type: Type of author identifier (e.g. "orcid") - no vocabulary for this field in this version of the system
metadata.author.name: Author's name in full
metadata.date_accepted: Date publication accepted for publication
metadata.date_submitted: Date article submitted for publication
metadata.identifier.id: Identifier for the article (e.g. DOI)
metadata.identifier.type: Identifier type (e.g. "doi") - no vocabulary for this field in this version of the system
metadata.language: Language of the article
metadata.license_ref.title: Title or name of the licence applied to the article; free-text
metadata.license_ref.type: Type of licence (most likely the same as the title); free-text
metadata.license_ref.url: URL for information on the licence
metadata.license_ref.version: Version of the licence
metadata.project.grant_number: Grant number for funding source behind this article
metadata.project.identifier.id: Funder identifier (e.g. Ringold ID)
metadata.project.identifier.type: Funder identifier type (e.g "ringold") - no vocabulary for this field in this version of the system
metadata.project.name: Funder name
metadata.publication_date: Date of publication
metadata.publisher: Publisher of the article
metadata.source.identifier.id: Identifier for the source of the publication (the journal), (e.g. the ISSN)
metadata.source.identifier.type: Identifier type (e.g. "issn") - no vocabulary for this field in this version of the system
metadata.source.name: Name of the source (e.g. the Journal Name)
metadata.subject: Keywords
metadata.title: Title of the publication
metadata.type: Type of publication
metadata.version: Version of publication (e.g. AAM)
name_variants: Names by which the institution is known
notification: id of the notification this record relates to
postcodes: Postcodes for addresses where to match on
provider.id: Identifier for the provider of the notification (account name)
provider.agent: Free-text field for identifying the API client used to create the notification
provider.ref: Publisher's own identifier for the notification - free-text
provenance.explanation: reason for the match
provenance.matched: Value in the repository configuration field which matched
provenance.notification_field: Field in the notification which matched
provenance.source_field: Field in the repository configuration which matched
provenance.term: term in the notification metadata which matched
repositories: List of repository account ids the notification was routed to
repository: the repository this record relates to
strings: list of arbitrary match strings
urls: Any urls found in the notification metadata - currently not populated